:sparkles: block move with annotation (#8690)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/commands/move.md

Before moving a `Cluster`, clusterctl sets the `Cluster.Spec.Paused` field to `true` stopping
the controllers from reconciling the workload cluster _in the source management cluster_.

> clusterctl will then wait for the `clusterctl.cluster.x-k8s.io/block-move` annotation not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clusterctl will wait until the `clusterctl.cluster.x-k8s.io/block-move` annotation is not present on any resource targeted by the move operation.
```
